DOCS-1592: Make PyInstaller recommended method and edit build command (#2669)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/registry/upload/_index.md

          "model": "acme:demo:my-model"
        }
      ],
      "build": {
        "path": "dist/archive.tar.gz",
        "arch": {
          "linux/arm64": {
            "build": "sh build-linux-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
          },
          "darwin/arm64": {
            "build": "sh build-darwin-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
          }

>         } // architecture(s) to build for

Reviewer: Again, not supported yet.

    See [`meta.json` file](/fleet/cli/#the-metajson-file) for more information.

1. For modules written in Python, you should package your module files as an archive first, before uploading.
   Other languages can proceed to the next step to upload their module directly.
   To package a module written in Python, run the following command from the same directory as your `meta.json` file:

   ```sh {id="terminal-prompt" class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
   tar -czvf dist/archive.tar.gz dist/main
   ```

>   In this case, `dist/main` is the [packaged executable](/registry/create/#compile-or-package-your-module) that runs the module at the [entry point](/registry/create/#write-an-entry-point-main-program-file).

Author: ```suggestion
 Where `dist/main` is the [packaged executable](/registry/create/#compile-or-package-your-module) that runs the module at the [entry point](/registry/create/#write-an-entry-point-main-program-file).
```

1. Paste one of the following action templates into the edit window, depending on whether you are using the `build-action` or `upload-module` action:

> {{< tabs >}}

Author: @andf-viam do you have any idea why it keeps telling me this tab is unclosed and failing to build on hugo when AFAIK it is closed? I keep checking and I can't find where I changed the tabs to be wrong but they are messed up

fi

python3 -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m PyInstaller --onefile --hidden-import="googleapiclient" src/main.py
tar -czvf dist/archive.tar.gz dist/main
```

{{% /expand%}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Platform Specific" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="4-13"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {
    "arch": {
          "linux/arm64": {
            "path" : "dist/archive.tar.gz",               // optional - path to your built module
            "build": "sh build-linux-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
          },
          "darwin/arm64": {
            "build": "sh build-darwin-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
          }
        } // architecture(s) to build for
  }
}
```

{{%expand "Click to view example build-linux-arm64.sh" %}}

```sh { class="command-line"}
#!/bin/bash
set -e

sudo apt-get install -y python3-venv
python3 -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m PyInstaller --onefile --hidden-import="googleapiclient" src/main.py
tar -czvf dist/archive.tar.gz dist/main
```

{{% /expand%}}

> {{%expand "Click to view example build-darwin-arm64.sh" %}}

Author: that fixed it

The `build-action` GitHub action relies on a build command that you need to specify in the <file>meta.json</file> file that you created for your module when you first [uploaded it](/registry/upload/#upload-a-custom-module-using-the-cli).
At the end of your <file>meta.json</file>, add the build configuration:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="Single Build File" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="4-7"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {

>     "build": "sh build.sh",          // command that will build your module

Reviewer 2: as above, would do `./build.sh` to fix sh / bash issue

Author: Thank you! yeah sorry I didn't implement earlier, was slightly confused about if I had to instruct them to make it executable or do something else differently this way

    "path" : "dist/archive.tar.gz",         // optional - path to your built module
    "arch" : ["linux/amd64", "linux/arm64"] // architecture(s) to build for
  }
}
```

{{%expand "Click to view example build.sh" %}}

```sh { class="command-line"}
#!/bin/bash
set -e
UNAME=$(uname -s)

if [ "$UNAME" = "Linux" ]
then
    echo "Installing venv on Linux"
    sudo apt-get install -y python3-venv
fi
if [ "$UNAME" = "Darwin" ]
then
    echo "Installing venv on Darwin"
    brew install python3-venv
fi

python3 -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m PyInstaller --onefile --hidden-import="googleapiclient" src/main.py
tar -czvf dist/archive.tar.gz dist/main
```

{{% /expand%}}

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Platform Specific" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="4-13"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {
    "arch": {
          "linux/arm64": {
            "path" : "dist/archive.tar.gz",               // optional - path to your built module

>             "build": "sh build-linux-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module

Reviewer 2: `./build-x.sh` instead of `sh build` here + below

>             "build": "sh build-linux-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module

Author: ```suggestion
            "build": "./build-linux-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
```

          },
          "darwin/arm64": {

>             "build": "sh build-darwin-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module

Author: ```suggestion
            "build": "./build-darwin-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
```

          }
        } // architecture(s) to build for

>   }

Reviewer: One more.

}
```

{{%expand "Click to view example build-linux-arm64.sh" %}}

```sh { class="command-line"}
#!/bin/bash
set -e

> sudo apt-get install -y python3-venv

Reviewer 2: could use bash `if` statement to unify this one and below -- only difference is apt-get vs brew

Author: Not addressing as commenting out

The `build-action` GitHub action relies on a build command that you need to specify in the <file>meta.json</file> file that you created for your module when you first [uploaded it](/registry/upload/#upload-a-custom-module-using-the-cli).
At the end of your <file>meta.json</file>, add the build configuration:

> {{< tabs >}}

Reviewer 3: Tabbed setup looks great!

{{% tab name="Single Build File" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="4-7"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {
    "build": "make module.tar.gz",          // command that will build your module
    "arch" : ["linux/amd64", "linux/arm64"] // architecture(s) to build for
  }
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Platform Specific" %}}

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers" data-line="4-13"}
{
  "module_id": "example-module",
  ...
  "build": {
    "arch": {
          "linux/arm64": {
            "path" : "dist/archive.tar.gz",               // optional - path to your built module
            "build": "sh build-linux-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
          },
          "darwin/arm64": {
            "build": "sh build-darwin-arm64.sh" // command that will build your module
          }
        } // architecture(s) to build for
  }
}
```

> {{%expand "Click to view example build-linux-arm64.sh" %}}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{{% expand "Click to view example build-linux-arm64.sh" %}}
```

```sh { class="command-line"}
sudo apt-get install -y python3.11-venv
python3 -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m PyInstaller --onefile --hidden-import="googleapiclient" src/main.py
tar -czvf dist/archive.tar.gz dist/main ##create archive from entrypoint
```

> {{% /expand%}}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{{% /expand %}}
```

> {{%expand "Click to view example build-darwin-arm64.sh" %}}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{{% expand "Click to view example build-darwin-arm64.sh" %}}
```

```sh { class="command-line"}
brew install python3.11-venv
python3 -m venv .venv
. .venv/bin/activate
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
python3 -m PyInstaller --onefile --hidden-import="googleapiclient" src/main.py
tar -czvf dist/archive.tar.gz dist/main ##create archive from entrypoint
```

> {{% /expand%}}

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
{{% /expand %}}
```
